<h1 align="center">Scroll Automation</h1>

TG channel - https://t.me/easypeoff

This software is the fork of https://github.com/czbag/scroll

## What is new?

This software adds complex automation module for running multiple accounts in smart and randomized ways. You just need to configure how many of which modules you want to run, which bridges to use and enable/disable okx

Once you have configured this software you will be able to run all your accounts in completely automated way, whether you want to activate your accounts, run main modules or just check in

You can run all your accounts in circles:
(if enabled) okx -> ethereum/zksync/linea/base/arbitrum/optimism -> (if enabled) orbiter/nitro/native/layerswap -> modules in autogenerated routes that will not stuck your money -> (if enabled) orbiter/nitro/native/layerswap -> ethereum/zksync/linea/base/arbitrum/optimism -> (if enabled) okx

In configuration you choose only amounts to bridge or withdraw from okx and number of modules to run. Script with generate everything else that is needed

## COMPLETE GUIDE

There is full guide for this software:
https://teletype.in/@easypeoff/scroll-automation

PLEASE READ IT BEFORE USING THE SOFTWARE

## How to install

Install python3.9 or higher

In project directory run:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## What modules are supported in automation mode?

1. OKX

2. Bridge using Orbiter/Nitro/Layerswap or Native

3. Wrap/Unwrap ETH

4. Mint Zerius NFT

5. Mint any NFT from Nfts2me

6. Mint ZKStars NFT

7. Mint L2Pass

8. Mint and Bridge l2telegraph NFT

9. Send message l2telegraph

10. Deposit and withdraw on Aave and LayerBank

11. Swaps on Skydrome, SyncSwap, Zebra, XYSwap

12. Create Omnisea Collection

13. Vote on RubyScore

14. Deploy custom contracts

15. Dmail

## What modules are available only as a separate modules?

1. Mint Scroll Origin NFT


## How to configure the software?

1. Main configuration is in settings.py

2. Fill in evm private keys in data/wallets.txt and okx addresses in data/okx_addresses.txt. BOTH ARE REQUIRED TO BE FILLED

3. In data/rpc.json you can change RPCs

4. Modules configuration is in modules_settings.py
